This is the story of a man driven by the dream to escape life. 
A man who successfully found a way to open the gates of the infinite parallel universes that exist. 
A man who in next 10 minutes, would die

The idea about a parallel universe first came to his mind when he was shooting hoops ..unsuccessfully. He thought that if he had lived his life a little differently, he could have basketed the ball easily. Had he lived his life a lot differently, then he would have been the best basketball player in the world. He then started thinking about the universe where he is,in fact,the best basketball player

This thought amused him immensely and occupied his mind the entire night and the next afternoon during which he thought of another universe, where he was with her. 
They would go on long walks with each other but not talk. Talking always made people go away from him. Instead they would listen to ‘Bach’ and understand each other in a way that only music could do.   

That evening he started doing research on how to enter those parallel universes. After three hours of searching, he found a way to do that using items found in his room. He started working on the machine but then got tired and started imagining all the infinite possibilities in the infinite universes including one where he owned a lion and another one where he was a police officer. And then he slept.

"Dream Sequence"

The next day while working on the machine he realised that making the machine was not as easy as he thought it was. The space gate that separated all the multiverses required an immense amount of strength to break. Opening even a small part of the gate, required one to go through a lot of pain. The pain was so overwhelming that he even thought of scraping this plan altogether. But quickly after thinking about the present universe, he started working again. 

The next day, he had finished making almost the entire machine. The only problem was the fan. It was there in the machine to cool it. He doubted the fan would be able to handle the load considering the strength required to open the gates. He nevertheless decided to start the machine. He connected the fan with the machine and input it with energy. The machine started working. Despite the pain that he was going through, he was elated with joy. The gates were finally opening to the infinte parallel universes. The infinite parallel universes with the infinite possibilities. Unfortunately for him though, he forgot to consider one single possibility. The possibilty that in the infinite possibilities of the infinite parallel universes, there is a universe somewhere where there exists someone whose only purpose in life is to stop him from successfully travelling through the parallel universes. He realised it as soon as the gates opened. But then it was too late.          



